---
draft: false
date: 2025-10-02
tags:
  - blog
title: So typical of me to miss the start of a challenge because reasons ....
---
# [[2025-10-02]]
As the title says, it is very typical of me to completely miss the start of a challenge because reasons ...

I can't even say that the reasons are justified, but i was in a difficult state of mind yesterday and the last thing i was thinking about was the beginning of the daily blogging challenge I set myself.

Let me elaborate with a short tl;dr. I used to be in a pretty bad spot health-wise. I was morbidly obese, very sick, and the prognosis was pretty bleak. Two and a half years ago I managed to shake myself up, took charge of what was happening, and turned the tables around. Now i'm not morbidly obese anymore (not even fat to be honest), my health is great, I'm deep into sports, and my favorite sport is the sport of my childhood - Windsurfing. 
Yesterday was the perfect day. I was at the beginning of a 4 day vacation, it was morning, i was at the beach, the wind was pretty good (not too steady but not too gusty either), i sailed out, did a few lines, and in the middle of a jibe I had a bout vertigo that completely shook me up, especially since this was the first time it happened when i was on the water. First time it happened a few months ago, and i sorta shrugged it off and forgot about it. This time it was scary. I was out on the open water, this time around with no boat around to drag me to the beach. I managed to get back up, managed to get back to the beach, lost my favorite sunglasses in the process, rested an hour, tried again, and got a bad vertigo yet again. Half an hour more of rest, i tried to go out on a paddle board, only to have the world spinning around my head the moment I stood up. The ironic part is that there were almost no waves. The sea was pretty calm ...

So yes, I was pretty bummed out yesterday and missed the first day of my blog daily challenge for a reason that might or might not be justified. In any case i'm on vacation till Saturday evening, and there will nothing Linux related till i'm back home and in front of my computer, so I will take this opportunity to complain about other stuff that bugs me I guess.

Tomorrow morning I will be back at the beach, and let's see if the vertigo comes back, or i manage to avoid it this time. I'm not even sure that I should go and get it checked since it can come from too many different causes, and there is usually not much to be done about it except that meds that I don't really want to take. I can still run (I did have a semi decent run this morning) and I can still walk (had a great walk yesterday evening) and do other things I enjoy.

I will leave it at this until tomorrow...